Barfresh Announces Non-Recourse Non-Dilutive Litigation
Accessibility: Skip TopNav
Consumer Products and Services News
Automobiles and Parts News
Food & Beverage News
Home Goods & Construction News
Leisure Goods News
Media & Entertainment News
Personal Care  News
Retail News
Travel and Leisure News
Energy News
Alternative Energy News
Oil Gas and Coal News
Chemicals News
Banks & Financial Services News
Banking News
Closed-End Investments News
Finance and Credit Services News
Investment Banking and Brokerage Services News
Insurance News
Real Estate & REITs News
Healthcare News
Healthcare Providers News
Medical Equipment News
Medical Supplies and Services News
Biotechnology News
Pharmaceuticals News
Cannabis Producers News
Industrials and Utilities News
Aerospace and Defense News
Construction and Materials News
Utilities News
Industrials News
Metals & Mining News
Technology and Telecom News
Software News
IT Services News
Semiconductors News
Electronic Components & Equipment News
Computer Hardware News
Telecom Equipment News
Telecom Services News
More
Browse the Latest News
Barfresh Announces Non-Recourse Non-Dilutive Litigation Financing
Based on Merits of the Case, Company Received Multiple Offers to Fund Lawsuit Filed on November 10, 2022
August 13, 2024 08:30 ET
| Source:
Barfresh Food Group Inc.
Barfresh Food Group Inc.
LOS ANGELES, Aug.  13, 2024  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Barfresh Food Group Inc. (the “Company” or “Barfresh”) (Nasdaq: BRFH), a provider of frozen, ready-to-blend and ready-to-drink beverages, received multiple offers to fund its lawsuit on a non-recourse non-dilutive basis based on the merits of its legal case. The Company entered into an agreement with a well-known alternative asset investment firm and the Company’s litigation counsel, Boesch Law Group, to provide non-recourse non-dilutive litigation financing. Barfresh has spent approximately $300,000 over the past two years for this lawsuit which affected its operating margins. This new non-recourse non-dilutive financing removes the need for additional cash from the Company to fund this pending lawsuit.
About Barfresh Food Group
Barfresh Food Group Inc. (Nasdaq: BRFH) is a developer, manufacturer and distributor of ready-to-blend and ready-to-drink beverages, including smoothies, shakes and frappes, primarily for the education market, foodservice industry and restaurant chains, delivered as fully prepared individual portions or single serving and bulk formats for on-site preparation. The Company’s single serving, on-site prepared product utilizes a proprietary, patented system that uses portion-controlled pre-packaged beverage ingredients, delivering a freshly made frozen beverage that is quick, cost efficient, better for you and without waste. For more information, please visit www.barfresh.com.
Forward Looking Statements
Except for historical information herein, matters set forth in this press release are forward-looking, including statements about the Company’s commercial progress, success of its strategic relationship(s), and projections of future financial performance. These forward-looking statements are identified by the use of words such as “grow”, “expand”, “anticipate”, “intend”, “estimate”, “believe”, “expect”, “plan”, “should”, “hypothetical”, “potential”, “forecast” and “project”, “continue,” “could,” “may,” “predict,” and “will” and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included in the press release that address activities, events or developments that the Company believes or anticipates will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on certain assumptions made based on experience, expected future developments and other factors the Company believes are appropriate under the circumstances. Such statements are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of the Company. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those indicated or anticipated by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. The contents of this release should be considered in conjunction with the Company’s recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, including any warnings, risk factors and cautionary statements contained therein. Furthermore, the Company expressly disclaims any current intention to update publicly any forward-looking statements after the distribution of this release, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise.
Investor Relations
John Mills
ICR
646-277-1254
John.Mills@icrinc.com
Deirdre Thomson
ICR
646-277-1283
Deirdre.Thomson@icrinc.com
GlobeNewswire
Recommended Reading
September 08, 2026 09:45 ET
|
Source: Barfresh Food Group Inc.
Barfresh Receives USDA Re-Approval of $2.4 Million Grant Following Updated Facility Design, Equipment and Installation Requirements
LOS ANGELES, Sept.  08, 2026  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Barfresh Food Group Inc. (the “Company” or “Barfresh”) (Nasdaq: BRFH), a provider of frozen, ready-to-blend and ready-to-drink beverages, today...
Read More
August 24, 2026 10:45 ET
|
Source: Barfresh Food Group Inc.
Barfresh Re-Engages with Nation's Fourth-Largest School District, Fueled by New In-House Manufacturing Capacity
Carton Smoothies Added to the Menu as Expanded Arps Dairy Facility Comes Online  Florida's Largest School District Adds New Product for the 2026-27 School Year  LOS ANGELES, Aug.  24, 2026  (GLOBE...
Read More